Do not open WebView for passiveKeys (#55)
hCaptcha/HCaptcha-ios-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# 2.1.0

> - Change: Now `configureWebView` is calling after WebView loading finished, before this it was called once `hCaptcha` showed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change: you no longer need to set `webview.isHidden = true` on passive sitekeys. The webview is only unhidden if a visual challenge is shown, and `configureWebView` is now called after WebView finishes loading.
```
